all right welcome back everybody in this
video I'm going to show you all how we
can add a video to a web page you'll
need a video of one of these file types
when I was in Tokyo some number of years
ago I saw real life Mario Kart racing
down the street so what I'm going to do
is place this mp4 file next to my
index.html file and then within vs code
we need a video element and we will list
the SRC attribute equal to the name of
our file that we're working with and in
my case it's racing. MP4 now this video
is massive so let's change the width of
this using the width attribute width
equals what about
500 that's a lot better but we'll need
some controls to actually play this
video I'm clicking on this and nothing's
happening controls is a Boolean
attribute we only have to list the
attribute name to add
controls there we go we now have some
controls now if you want this to play
Maybe in the background and you do not
want controls you can always set this to
autoplay but we have no way to stop this
so I'm going to add the controls back if
you need this muted just add the muted
Boolean
attribute so it's playing but we can't
hear anything and if you need this to
Loop just add the loop Boolean attribute
and this should
Loop yeah there it is here's another
thing that we can try let's get rid of
our source attribute and we're going to
create a video closing
tag and we will create nested sources
within our video
element Source SRC equals our video file
so just in case your browser doesn't
support an MP4 video file you can always
create another
source let's say that we have a web M
file as a backup just in case that this
browser doesn't support an mp4 file and
if for some reason no other sources work
you can always add a note this browser
does not support HTML 5 Audio so you can
write it either way but if you have
multiple sources you can always have
backups just in case this primary source
doesn't work so yeah everybody that's
how to add a video to a web page if you
found this video helpful please be sure
to smash that like button leave a random
comment down below and subscribe if
you'd like to become a fellow bro